Why do you hate what you don't understand?
Think about it, Luanne. Why would you bring a child to a department store to buy a dryer when his birthday is three-and-a-half weeks away? It just doesn't make sense!
And white people always be walking around like this...like they be crushing diamonds in their or something! Look at me! I'm white!
My dad sure wants me to be at that haunted house. Last time he wanted me to be somewhere so bad, I woke up without tonsils!
Good-bye, Luanne. I just wanted you to know that I never read your diary, even though you suspected I did on June 18th, 1985.
I was getting ready, but I worked up an appetite looking for dress pants, so I ordered a pizza, and that ate up a chunk of time.
Donuts were one of life's little joys. If the government bans puppy breath and good yawns, I'll have nothing left to live for!
Luanne, I know we've had our differences, but I was kinda hoping we could make up and not get married.
To tell you the truth, Dad, that sounds boring. It's okay if you're into boring, but I'm not.
I don't know you! That's my purse!
Dad, I'm confused. So you should trust people until they betray you, and then try to blow them up?
Can I put a gun rack on my bike?
Hey, I didn't go looking for trouble. Trouble came-a-knockin' and Bobby Hill's foot answered the door.
Come on, dad. How do you know if you don't try. I'm a hippie. I'm naked because I smoked all my clothes.
We are at the battle of Cerro Gordo, 11 years later and we are hungry. Sir, I will hold your artificial leg while you eat chicken.
Mom, look what Dad got for me, there's Cuffs and Collars and a whole bunch of other cop movies- Jail Bait, Hung Jury.....
Would you look at all the white people standing around? Ain't got no butts. Y'all the no-butt-havingest people, uh-huh!
Bobby, you are in America and IN AMERICA WE PLAY FOOTBALL
Why don't we just watch the game at Mr. Dauterive's house, I like it there, he keeps snacks in his couch cushions.
I'll never use toilet paper in anger again!
Well, I don't like girls. 
Well go on women and get me my dinner! 
I don't want Grandpa at my party, the kids are already going to hate me cause you got the wrong kind of bean dip.
It's pretty obvious you were in the bathroom for an hour last night.